We will continue to take our direction in terms of operating and safety protocols from the Province of Ontario and Town of Milton and will communicate any further announcements as they become known to us.
   If unsure, we encourage you to call the store or service you are looking to visit to verify whether they are open or closed. 
   Store and service phone numbers may be found on our website under store directory. 
  Stay safe, keep washing those hands and we look forward to welcoming you back as soon as it’s safe to do so. 
 The health and safety of our tenants and guests is of the utmost importance. 
  In accordance with the province of Ontario state of emergency, only the following tenants are open and may be accessed by the closest entrance. 
  Patrons visiting to walk the shopping centre will be asked to leave.  Thank you for your cooperation. The health and safety of our customers, all employees at Square One and our community will always be our highest priority. 
  To help keep everyone as safe as possible, and to play our part in the containment of COVID-19, in compliance with the order of the Government of Ontario on March 23, 2020 and further clarified in a press conference by Premier Ford on March 24, 2020, we are closing Square One effective 11:59 pm, on Tuesday, March 24 for the next 14 days During this time, stores deemed essential will remain open and operational to ensure our community has access to essential services. 
    We understand this is a highly dynamic and evolving situation and we commit to providing you with regular updates.  To help you prepare as much as possible, we will also be in contact as soon as we’re notified that it is appropriate to re-open Square One.  CONTROLLED ACCESS WILL ONLY BE PROVIDED THROUGH ENTRANCE 7.  We continue to encourage you to closely follow the advice of our local health authorities. 
  Our thoughts are with those impacted in our community and around the world. The health and safety of all who visit Eastgate Square is the property management team’s foremost priority, and as we are all learning in these challenging times, everybody has a role to play to protect the safety and well-being of our community.  BGO is working in partnership with our tenants and we have advised tenants to follow the advice of the public health authority, as BGO is doing, and require that any employee who has been suspected or confirmed of COVID-19 exposure, or has come into contact with anyone suspected or confirmed to be infected with COVID-19, should immediately proceed with self-quarantine and provide notification to the local public health authorities. 
 CF Toronto Eaton Centre is now closed. " We are committed to ensuring our communities essential needs are met, while supporting public health and their efforts to contain the spread of COVID-19",  As per direction from our provincial government, only essential retailers will be open.  If you are an employee of the CF Toronto Eaton Centre access to the mall will be restricted to Level 2 Queen Street, between Yonge and James Street. 
  We will continue to support our communities during these unprecedented times and update you as the situation evolves.  We look forward to bringing our community back together.  For more information, we encourage you to review the following resources. To help protect the community and flatten the curve of COVID-19, the Government of Ontario has ordered the mandatory closure of all non-essential businesses as of Tuesday, March 24th.  This closure will be in effect for 14 days with the possibility of extending this order as the situation evolves.  Dixie Outlet Mall will diligently enforce these new measures by restricting mall access to essential services only. 
  At this time Guest Services will not be available and all walking programs have been removed due to COVID 19.  We will continue to take our direction in terms of operating and safety protocols from the Province of Ontario and City of Mississauga and will communicate any further announcements as they become known to us.  If unsure, we encourage you to call the store or service you are looking to visit to verify whether they are open or closed.   Store and service phone numbers may be found on our website under store directory.  Stay safe, keep washing those hands and we look forward to welcoming you back as soon as it’s safe to do so. 
 In accordance with the State of Emergency declared in Ontario, Dufferin Mall, along with many of our shops and services, will be closed until further notice.  If a store is not listed above then it is currently closed until further notice.  We continue to monitor this situation very closely and we thank you for your co-operation as we navigate these challenging times together. According to the latest government direction to help prevent the spread of COVID-19, only essential services remain open at Oakville Place.  Please contact the essential services directly to confirm their hours of operation.  This is a highly dynamic situation. 
  As the COVID-19 situation evolves, RioCan remains committed to implementing appropriate actions and providing updaters to guests, tenants and employees as they become available. Heartland Town Centre plays a vital role in the Mississauga Community. 