 We are a Centre that provides dining, services and places to get basic needs.  The uncertainty created by COVID-19 has resulted in some retailers adjusting their store hours or temporarily closing their doors. 
   Please call the specific store you are looking to visit to confirm hours of operation.  Due to the nature of the Heartland Town Centre being a non-enclosed Shopping Centre the hours of operation vary.  Please contact the individual merchant directly for their designated hours. The health and safety of our customers, all employees at Yorkdale Shopping Centre and our community will always be our highest priority.  To help keep everyone as safe as possible, and to play our part in the containment of COVID-19, in compliance with the order of the Government of Ontario on March 23, 2020 and further clarified in a press conference by Premier Ford on March 24, 2020, we are closing Yorkdale Shopping Centre effective 11:59 pm, on Tuesday, March 24 for the next 14 days. 
  During this time, stores deemed essential will remain open and operational to ensure our community has access to essential services.  We understand this is a highly dynamic and evolving situation and we commit to providing you with regular updates.  To help you prepare as much as possible, we will also be in contact as soon as we’re notified that it is appropriate to re-open Yorkdale Shopping Centre.  We continue to encourage you to closely follow the advice of our local health authorities.  Our thoughts are with those impacted in our community and around the world.
 In light of the latest developments and directives issued by the government of Ontario, Outlet Collection at Niagara will be closed to the public, as of midnight March 24th until at least April 7th, 2020.  Essential services will be maintained.  Please check opening and closing hours with these tenants directly, as they may have reduced hours of operation. The mall is temporarily closed.  Essential retailers remain open on a reduced schedule.  Please contact individual retailers for details. At Yorkville Village, the health and safety of our community, customers and tenants is our highest priority. 
  We have increased sanitization procedures for all hand touch surfaces, installed hand sanitizers at all entrances, and have removed all seating in our Food Hall to adhere to social distancing practices.  In the global effort to contain the spread of COVID-19, many of our retailers have elected to close.  Please refer to individual store websites and social media accounts for current information, as well as options to purchase products online.  Access to Yorkville Village will remain unchanged so that tenants providing essential services to our community can operate.  We understand the growing concern in our community and are taking all appropriate measures to ensure our shopping centre remains safe. 
  We will continue to monitor information from the World Health Organization (WHO) and the Public Health Agency of Canada (PHAC) and will issue updates as necessary. In accordance with the State of Emergency declared in Ontario, commencing Wednesday, March 25th, 2020, Canada One will be closed until further notice.  Thank you for your co-operation. Bramalea City Centre continues to be committed to the health and safety of our tenants, guests, staff and communities. 
  As a precautionary measure to help contain the spread of COVID-19, and per the order from the Government of Ontario on March 23, 2020, and further clarified in a press conference by Premier Ford on March 24, 2020, access to Bramalea City Centre will be maintained only to stores considered essential services for a 14-day period, effective March 24 at 11:59 pm.  Currently, access to essential stores and services are available through Entrances 3 and 4(located by Dollarama and Shoppers Drug Mart).  Please see map below.  We will continue to monitor this evolving situation and communicate with you as updates and events require additional attention.  Please see below for a list of essential stores and services that remain open in Bramalea City Centre.
  Please contact each retailer for updated hours. The health & safety of our shoppers, employees and community is always our top priority.  To help keep everyone in our community as safe as possible, to do our part to slow the spread of COVID-19, and in accordance with the order issued by the Government of Ontario, Promenade Shopping Centre will be closed commencing Wednesday, March 25th, 2020 for the next 14 days.  During this time, only stores that are deemed essential will remain open and operational to ensure that our community has access to essential services.  We continue to monitor this situation closely and commit to providing you with regular updates.  We will also be in contact as soon as we’re notified that it is appropriate to re-open Promenade Shopping Centre.
  We continue to encourage you to closely follow the advice of our local health authorities.  Our thoughts are with you all. Given the evolving situation concerning COVID-19, as a precautionary measure, Morguard is offering its retailers the option to reduce their store operating hours. 